Peter jean-baptiste
jean-baptiste runs my ration in New York
okay his parents are from Lyon and he
grew up in restaurants okay I want him
to spend some quality time now and just
sort of grooming you you're now getting
polished her first thing is how do you
think I'm about to wear your jackets too
stiff maybe we can get one for tonight
what you think I'm not the most fashion
savvy guy around um should show me how
you walk her over on tables a nice
flowing motion was everything right so
far this is you walking yes every time I
see you it's like running around like a
[ __ ] baby rhinoceros trying to have a
[ __ ] you just walk nice and slowly put
your shoulders back nice and slow there
you go there look nice and again lovely